In the beginning there was nothing, rather darkness, the one plane of existence nothing lived, nothing died, there was nothing and there would be nothing, the darkness was comprised of

There was nothing, there had never been anything yet somehow Xherus appeared within the void. Xherus was everything, everything that was, everything that could be, Xherus drew its power from the void, their energies were shared, connected. It grew stronger, the void became unstable with Xherus growing inside of it, Xherus became too strong and the void attempted to separate itself from it, separating the void from the true plane. Without the void to feed off of Xherus craving more began to feed of it self, it grew unstable and began to tear itself apart. Within the true plane Xherus consumed itself, tearing itself to shreds, eating and feeding of itself. The shreds separated, the parts of Xherus that feasted on itself continued to absorb itself, within the true plane the shreds became void stones across the plane, absorbing and sucking anything and everything close enough within its grasp. The stones absorbed everything of Xherus, the stones then floated through the true plane and whenever the stones got within each others pull they eventually collided, absorbing each other and becoming one, a smaller stone. The coalition of stones continued until every stone had been absorbed by one stone, the stone was infinitely small and was in the centre of the true plane. The stone continued to feed on it itself, without anything to consume it remained within the true plane. Without anything to absorb the stone grew unstable once more, the stone needed something to feed on to stabilize it, however there was nothing for it to feast on, and so the stone collapsed on itself. The explosion expanded in every direction and broke the true planes parameters, the tiny pieces of the true plane was lost as the mass from Xherus was shattered, its contents now spread, the masses formed bubbles, tiny planar dimensions with the void now expanding and further sepperating the planes from each other, preventing Xherus to return and again feast on it. The Void become known as the astral sea, the sea that separated the different dimensional planner worlds.

Within one of the planar dimensions were there slivers of remains from what had been Xherus, however the pieces were separated. The different energies of Xherus formed conciusness and became mighty beings, they fought, for power, to absorb each other. What had happened in the true pane repeated itself, the energies was absorbed by one entity absorbed everything but was contained within the dimensional pocket, making it run out of energy to take, it began to absorb itself just like what had happened in the true plane. The void stone grew unstable and collapsed in on itself, bursting its contents throughout the dimensional pocket. The slivers of Xherus were even smaller and the other contents of the void pearl created planes within the dimensional pocket and the energies of Xherus was trapped within. Within the planes the smaller pieces of Xherus were unstable and too spread out, making most of them collapse in on themselves spreading its energy as even weaker in the form of mass. The explosion of mass spread across the planes, however there were those energy beings that were close enough to absorb each other and become conscious, retaining their own form as powerful beings of the universes created. However hese powerful beings needed a way to stabilize, as the Xherus energy was diminishing. Throughout the planes the masses floating in space were pulled together due to their gravity, planets and suns formed, the planes were filled with endless seas of stars, gass and planets.

Life sprung forth on a fortitude of planets with the right conditions, the Xheus beings took notice and realized the potential. There were the ones who slaughtered whole planets to absorb their Xheus energy while others approached the civilizations, attempting to guide them and control them as livestock. Time passed and further more Xheus beings faded into void stones and collapsed, but the ones that remained grew in strength. In the beginning they constantly fought against one another, but over time some learned to co-exist. One of the planets where life grew forth was Dewize. It was a planet with lots of potential, a race of civilization grew forth, a race of large humanoids called «Strixen», they created the first civilizations and fought amongst each other, they finally united once other humanoid creatures began to surge, they combined their efforts and annihilated every other humanoids, leaving them alone on the planet. They were physically gifted and bright creatures who became an advanced civilization. There was a consciousness by the name Erak who came to the planet and gave some of the Strixen some of its power, converting them to worship it, making it stronger. Other mighty beings learned of the planet Dewize and sought to convert the planet. As more and more such beings arrived they were given the title of Gozeds, gods, mighty beings. The Gozeds fought amongst each other for the power over the planet, it was a lasting war that resulted in the god Erak absorbing more Xherus energy and growing in power. Another Gozed Yemik, on par with Erak fought a devastating war which ultimately lead to a shard of the planet breaking off and natural disasters making the race of striven go extinct.

Erak was ultimately victorious and Yamik fled weakened. However Erak was too weakened heavily, its essence began to become unstable, and Erak ended up splitting into multiple lesser entities that needed time to stabilize. The shard that broke off started to orbit the planet and became its moon, but the impact from it being ripped off destroyed all life on the planet. After the different consciousnesses of Erak stabilized they grew independent and sought more power. However, Dewize was still far too uninhabitable. The lesser Gozed worked together as they fixed the planet and independently created their own races that were to worship them. The strongest of the essences: Brimir created the race of giants in the image of Strixen, but made them larger and stronger wanting them to be more durable. Nireka was another of the lesser gozed, she created what is known as sylvan creatures. Kirtath is known as the godzed of dragons, creating the first breeds of them. Visse was the last of the essence, that spirit created the humanoids and such of the sea, such as merfolk. Another gozed also created a race, Yamik created the race of humans, in the image of Strixen, but smaller and with a shorter lifespan. He made them to worship him but the other gozed with the strength from their followers were strong enough to banish Yamik to another plane. The races of the planet were ordered to kill all humans, as they were the creation of their enemy. The purge lasted for centuries, however humans were clever creatures and like a pest impossible to get rid off. The Humans adapted to every change they encountered and proved to be resilient creatures, they however abandoned their following of Yamik as it no longer could help them. After hundreds of years some became followers of the other gozed. These followers learned of the true gozed Erak, and so the humans founded a new religion. Following the gozed Erak, the humans devoted their faith towards the being and over many years the true form of Erak, at least shards of it began to be created. Time passed on and the Gozed Erak had bed re-formed by the Xherus energy.

Eraks power but so did Yamiks, some humans had turned to follow the banished god as their savior and so did its bidding for it. Through the instructions of Yamik planar portals were created throughout Dewize, portals connected to the plane of which Yamik was sendt. Once the portal was opened Yamik again attacked the planet, a large war of the races of Dewize against monstrous beings created by Yamik. The war costed countless lives and left the world in ruin, the gozed of Dewize banded once more together to destroy Yamik, however their attempts were futile as Yamik had many followers, making it powerful enough to reform itself. They ended up splitting the essence of Yamik into different pieces and again banished all the different pieces of its essence. The gozed created the world seals, rune seals across different places of Dewize. To secure no one else could open them the gazed left a requirement to breaking the seals to be that it was only possible if the five runes were broken once by each race that been created by the Gozeds. Time passed and times of despair followed after the war, food shortage, loss of workforce took lives in most societies. The one that claimed the most was the humiz disease, a bacterial disease that was rumored to be carried by all humans, it was deadly and most often carried by pesticides. The hardship brought by the times lead to a division between the races, it became a struggle to survive at it at each race for themselves. The conflict between the races was also translated to the gozed as they also became distanced from each other. Accusations and rumors escalated and the breaking point was reached between Brimir and Kirtath as a war between the giants and dragons broke out. Lives were lost and the thousand year war resulted in the population of dragons and giants becoming greatly diminished.

With the civilizations booming in size disease and population control follows, another pandemic hit the world, and hit it hard. The Death curse pandemic was extremely deadly and spread like fire. However the nations of Drasmoor and Valuk were the ones who got most out of the pandemic, their boarders expanded exponentially due to them being religiously ruled states. Other nations weren’t as lucky as larger percentiles of their population were completely wiped out. Another rumor of the disease was that it severed one’s connection to the Ixrica Particle, this so was only for those with innate spellcasting, meaning religious priests and bishops kept their magic as their magic was borrowed. Since Drasmoor and Valuk suffered minimal losses they utilized the situation to launch holy conquests into neighboring land taking it for themselves to expand their empires. Both nations were followers of the god Erak and its three forms. The Nations who lost large percentiles were in ruins, it resulted in many abandoning their homes, the nation they lived in to move to a city where others could be found, this lead to the destruction of racal nations, as the races met in these havens, creating new cities and nations of mixed races. Time passed and the new nations grew exponentially and so did the human percentile, it skyrocketed, making humans the most common race around the world.